
--------------------------------------------------------------------
1.3.1 Functional Requirements
--------------------------------------------------------------------
<Insert Application Name> v1.0 Function Requirements

- R1.1: The Application shall allow a user to be able to capture images and tag images.
	Purpose: To allow for a database of meals aquired by the user.
	Test: 	There must be at least 5 different test cases per user. 
		These users will be spread out on various devices. 
		%100 of images must be able to be captured, tagged per user.

- R1.2: The Application shall recognise either a common tag, or new tag by a user.
	Purpose: To allow for auto filling, and pregenerate information about the meal.
	Test:	There must be at least 200 different common test cases, 10 unique cases.
		Of which all unique cases must be added to the Applications online database. 
		All common cases must be recognised by the Application.

- R1.3: The Applicaton shall allow a user to add the loation of the meal.
	Purpose: To provide a location for the captured meals for future revisitation by the user, or other users.
	Test:	There must be at least 5 different test cases per user. 
		These users will be spread out on various devices. 
		%100 of images must be able to have the correct location added to its details.

- R1.4: The Application shall be able to access Google's Maps and geolocation function
	Purpose: To provide an accurate location for captured meals that can be accessed through Google Maps.
	Test:	There must be at least 5 different test cases per user.
		These users will be spread out on various devices.
		100% of images must be able to have correct geolocation added to its details.
	Assumption: if the internet is not accessible then geolocation will not work.
		Therefore it is assumed that internet is on for this functionalily to work correctly.

- R1.5: The Application shall allow a user to edit an ingredients list in relation to the meal after identifing the meal.
	Purpose: To generate a more accurate list of ingredients a more accurate ORAC rating.
	Test: 	There must be at least 50 test cases of unedited meals.
		100% of ingredient lists must be accurate and consistent to the tagged meals.
		There must be at least 50 test cases of edited meals.
		100% of ingredient list must be editable.
	Assumption: There is a general database that handles the pairing of meals and ingredient lists.	 
	
- R1.6: The Application shall generate an ORAC rating based upon a meal and/or ingredients.
	Purpose: To give a appropriate and accurate ORAC rating along a certain scale to provide helpful information to the user.
	Test:	There must be at least 200 test cases.
		There must be at least 20 duplicate cases.
		There must be at least 100 similar test cases.

- R1.7: The Application shall allow the user to search through a database of their own meals.
	Purpose: The user must be easily able access earlier meals for future use.
	Test: 	There must be at least 20 different test cases per user.
		These users will be spread out on various devices.
		100% of meals must be accessible through the inbuilt filesystem.

- R1.8: The Application shall allow the user to sort through meals based on the users geolocation.
	Purpose: To provide the user with meals that are close to their current location.

- R1.9: The Application shall allow the user to sort through meals based on the ORAC rating.
	Purpose: To provide the user with meals that are high on the ORAC rating for healthy eating.

- R1.10: The Application shall allow the user to sort through meals based on a given location.
	Purpose: To provide the user with meals that are close to a given location.
	
- R1.11: The Application shall allow the user to sort through meals based on the tag name.
	Purpose: To provide the user with meals that are of the same variety as their input tag.
	

- R1.12: The Application shall allow the user to search/sort through a database of all meals that are within the online database
	Purpose: The user must easily be able to access all meals shared across other users for future use, to create meal plans, and find meals base on sort requriements easily.
	Test: 	There must be at least 5 users.
		There must be at least 100 meals that vary according to ORAC rating, rating, tags, and location.
		100% of meals must be viewable and accessable through all users.
	Assumption: There is an online database that managers the uploading and downloading of meals either tagged by users of the application of added by the moderator of the application.

- R1.13: The Application shall allow the user to group together meals and export either individual or groups of ingredient lists for meals.
	Purpose: The user will be able to use the list to shop for ingredients to maintain a healthy diet based on the Applications functions.
	Test:	There must be at least 5 group test cases.
		There must be at least 20 individual test cases.
		These must be exported into each format.

- R1.14: The Application shall allow the user to edit/remove meals/groups of meals from their application.
	Purpose: To give control of the file system to the user.	
	Test:	There must be at least 5 group test cases of editing.
		There must be at least 5 group test cases of removing.
		There must be at least 20 individual test cases of editing.
		There must be at least 20 individual test cases of removing.
		100% must show either the edit of removal was compeleted correctly.
		
- R1.15: The Application shall provide healthy tips to the user.
	Purpose: To provide information to the user to better maintain a healthy lifestyle.	
	
		
		
